Release v1.12.1 (#429)
bugsnag/bugsnag-cocoa-performance: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========

## 1.12.1 (2025-05-06)

### Bug fixes

> * Fixed issue where ViewControllers were kept in memory for up to 10 seconds after being dismissed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue where ViewController references were held for up to 10 seconds after being dismissed.
```
